[DOCFIX]Update Job service/stressBench related doc and description (#14385)
Alluxio/alluxio: docs/en/operation/StressBench.md

    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>base</td>
        <td>alluxio://localhost:19998/stress-client-io-base</td>
        <td>The base directory path URI to perform operations in. </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>base-alias</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>The alias for the base path, unused if empty</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>file-size</td>
        <td>1g</td>
        <td>The files size for IO operations. (100k, 1m, 1g, etc.)</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>buffer-size</td>
        <td>64k</td>
        <td>The buffer size for IO operations. (1k, 16k, etc.)</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>block-size</td>
        <td>64m</td>
        <td>The block size of files. (16k, 64m, etc.)</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>warmup</td>
        <td>15s</td>
        <td>The length of time to warmup before recording measurements. (1m, 10m, 60s, 10000ms, etc.)</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>duration</td>
        <td>30s</td>
        <td>The length of time to run the benchmark. (1m, 10m, 60s, 10000ms, etc.)</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>read-same-file</td>
        <td>false</td>
        <td>If true, all threads read from the same file. Otherwise, each thread reads "

>           + "from its own file.</td>

Reviewer: You don't need string concatenation within HTML. Just wrap the line with a newline and any number of white spaces, browsers take care of the rest.

        <td>15s</td>
        <td>The length of time to warmup before recording measurements. (1m, 10m, 60s, 10000ms, etc.)</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>duration</td>
        <td>30s</td>
        <td>The length of time to run the benchmark. (1m, 10m, 60s, 10000ms, etc.)</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>read-same-file</td>
        <td>false</td>
        <td>If true, all threads read from the same file. Otherwise, each thread reads "
          + "from its own file.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>read-random</td>
        <td>false</td>
        <td>If true, threads read the file from random offsets. For streaming operations, seek() is called to read random offsets. If false, the file is read sequentially.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>write-num-workers</td>
        <td>1</td>
        <td>The number of workers to distribute the files to. The blocks of a written file will be round-robin across these number of workers.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>conf</td>
        <td>{}</td>
        <td>Any HDFS client configuration key=value. Can repeat to provide multiple configuration values.</td>
    </tr>
  
</table>

### Single node testing
#### Prerequisite

> * A running Alluxio cluster with one master, and one worker. With property "alluxio.user.file.writetype.default" = MUST_CACHE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A running Alluxio cluster with one master, and one worker, with property `alluxio.user.file.writetype.default` set to `MUST_CACHE`
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>duration</td>
        <td>30s</td>
        <td>The length of time to run the benchmark. (1m, 10m, 60s, 10000ms, etc.)</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>conf</td>
        <td>{}</td>
        <td>Any HDFS client configuration key=value. Can repeat to provide multiple configuration values.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>skip-prepare</td>
        <td>false</td>
        <td>If true, skip the prepare.</td>
    </tr>
    

</table>

### Single node testing
#### Prerequisite
* A running Alluxio cluster with one master, and one worker.

#### Single test
Run the test with the operation you want to test.
```console
$ bin/alluxio runClass alluxio.stress.cli.StressMasterBench --operation ListDir ...
```

For example, this would continuously run `ListDir` opeartion for 30s and record the throughput after 5s warmup.
```console
$ bin/alluxio runClass alluxio.stress.cli.StressMasterBench --operation ListDir --warmup 5s --duration 30s 
```
#### MaxThroughput test
MaxThroughput test is the recommended way to test the master throughput for certain operation.
```console
$ bin/alluxio runClass alluxio.stress.cli.suit.MaxThroughput --operation CreateFile ...
```

> For example, we are trying to get max throughput of CreateFile operation using hadoop compatible client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, we are trying to get max throughput of `CreateFile` operations using the Hadoop compatible client.
```

```console
$ bin/alluxio runClass alluxio.stress.cli.suit.MaxThroughput --operation CreateFile --warmup 5s --duration 30s --client-type AlluxioHDFS
```

### Cluster testing
#### Prerequisite
- A running Alluxio cluster. Each worker node contains at least one worker, one job worker.

> - Ufs has enough space to store the test data if you are testing operation contains file creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- UFS has enough space to store the test data if you are testing operations that involve file creation.
```

#### Testing
The cluster testing is similar to single node testing except that
- `--cluster` argument needs to be added to each operation so that the bench jobs will be submitted to job master, distributed to job workers, and executed by job workers.
  Each job worker executes one bench job. Cluster throughput is calculated by aggregating the read throughput of each bench job.

### Limitations
- Master Stress Bench only supports testing self-generated test files.

> ## Worker Stress Bench

Author: Doesn't get much information about worker stress bench and we are not using it currently.

    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>buffer-size</td>
        <td>4k</td>
        <td>The buffer size for IO operations. (1k, 16k, etc.)</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>block-size</td>
        <td>32m</td>
        <td>The block size of files. (16k, 64m, etc.)</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>free</td>
        <td>false</td>
        <td>If true, free the data from Alluxio before reading. Only applies to Alluxio paths</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>conf</td>
        <td>{}</td>
        <td>Any HDFS client configuration key=value. Can repeat to provide multiple configuration values.</td>
    </tr>

</table>

### Single node testing
#### Prerequisite
* A running Alluxio cluster with one master, and one worker.

#### Single test
Run the test with the operation you want to test.
```console
$ bin/alluxio runClass alluxio.stress.cli.StressWorkerBench --operation ListDir ...
```

For example, 
```console
$ bin/alluxio runClass alluxio.stress.cliStressWorkerBench --operation ListDir --warmup 5s --duration 30s 
```

### Cluster testing
#### Prerequisite
- A running Alluxio cluster. Each worker node contains one worker, one job worker.

> - Ufs has enough space to store the test data if you are testing operation contains file creation.

Reviewer: Same as above.

#### Testing
The cluster testing is similar to single node testing except that
- `--cluster` argument needs to be added to each operation so that the bench jobs will be submitted to job master, distributed to job workers, and executed by job workers.
  Each job worker executes one bench job. Cluster throughput is calculated by aggregating the read throughput of each bench job.

### Limitations
- Worker Stress Bench only supports testing self-generated test files.

## Ufs IO Bench

> The Ufs IO Bench is a tool to measure the IO throughput between the Alluxio cluster and the UFS.This test will measure the I/O throughput between Alluxio workers and the specified UFS path. Each worker will create concurrent clients to first generate test files of the specified size then read those files. The write/read I/O throughput will be measured in the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The UFS IO Bench is a tool to measure the IO throughput between the Alluxio cluster and the UFS. This test will measure the I/O throughput between Alluxio workers and the specified UFS path. Each worker will create concurrent clients to first generate test files of the specified size then read those files. The write/read I/O throughput will be measured in the process.
```

    <tr>
        <td>Parameters</td>
        <td>Default Value</td>
        <td>Description</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>threads</td>
        <td>4</td>
        <td>The number of threads to use</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>io-size</td>
        <td>4G</td>
        <td>The base directory path URI to perform operations in. </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>path</td>
        <td>No default, Required</td>
        <td>the Ufs Path to write temporary data in</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>use-mount-conf</td>
        <td>false</td>
        <td>If true, attempt to load the ufs configuration from an existing mount point to read/write to the base path, it will override the configuration specified through --conf parameter</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>conf</td>
        <td>{}</td>
        <td>Any HDFS client configuration key=value. Can repeat to provide multiple configuration values.</td>
    </tr>

</table>

### Single node testing
#### Prerequisite
* A running Alluxio cluster with one master, and one worker.

#### Single test
Run the test with the operation you want to test.
```console
$ bin/alluxio runClass alluxio.stress.cli.UfsIOBench --io-size 1G ...
```

> For example,This invokes the I/O benchmark to HDFS in the Alluxio cluster which each thread is writing and then reading 512m of data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, this runs the UFS I/O benchmark in the Alluxio cluster, where each thread is writing and then reading 512MB of data from HDFS:
```

```console
$ bin/alluxio runUfsIOTest --path hdfs://<hdfs-address> --io-size 512m --threads 2 
```

### Cluster testing
#### Prerequisite
- A running Alluxio cluster. Each worker node contains at least one worker, one job worker.

> - Ufs has enough space to store the test data if you are testing operation contains file creation.

Reviewer: Same as above.
